OK, welcome to the first section where you're going to get straight into coding. There's
a principle called eat the frog. Here's a picture of the book. The idea is that
when there's something that you're not so keen on doing if you just get it done and get it out of the way first,
then life is going to be a lot easier because it's the hesitation that causes the pain right.
So, scripting we've noticed, with beginners, is one of those things. They tend to fiddle around with all the pretty
stuff in Unity and then avoid the scripting. So sorry, in this course we're not avoiding the scripting, we're
going straight in there. In fact, all we're doing in this Number Wizard Console game
is scripting. So, we're going to get you straight through the difficult
bit, give you a fantastic programming foundation in C#, and it's also going to
be translated to Boo and Unity Script, and then, from there we'll start to look at opening
Unity up for you, in the future section. So, Brice, what is Number Wizard Console, and what are
they going to be doing? Well, it's a guess the number game. You pick a number in your head and the computer
will guess the number for you. And you simply type on the keyboard to tell you
yes this guess is correct or this guess is too low, this guess is too high, and the
computer kind of searches for your correct number using an
algorithm called binary chop or binary search. Which is essentially, you split the search
into two sections, which is 0 to 1,000 which are the numbers you are allowed to pick.
It'll say, is it in this half? Then, if you say no, well then it'll
say is it obviously in this half? Then, it cuts that one in half and says, which of those two halves
is it, and it keeps doing it until it finds your number. And it's pretty
surprising how quickly it can get to it! So, I mean if you had a number between one
and a billion, 2 to the power of 32 is over 4 billion, so in
about 30 guesses, it could guess a number between 0 and a billion which is
pretty impressive actually. It homes in on the number pretty quickly. So, it's a bit of fun!
And we're going to reuse the code in the next game, where we'll actually start using a
interface, Graphical User Interface. So get in, dive in, enjoy the early
scripting, and we'll see you on the other side! Good luck!